README.md, before:

OkHttp
======

An HTTP+SPDY client for Android and Java applications.


Download
--------

Downloadable .jars can be found on the [GitHub download page][1].

You can also depend on the .jar through Maven:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.squareup</groupId>
    <artifactId>okhttp</artifactId>
    <version>(insert latest version)</version>
</dependency>
```


Known Issues
------------

OkHttp uses the platform's [ProxySelector][2]. Prior to Android 4.0, `ProxySelector` didn't honor the `proxyHost` and `proxyPort` system properties for HTTPS connections. Work around this by specifying the `https.proxyHost` and `https.proxyPort` system properties when using a proxy with HTTPS.

OkHttp's test suite creates an in-process HTTPS server. Prior to Android 2.3, SSL server sockets were broken, and so HTTPS tests will time out when run on such devices.


Building
--------

### On the Desktop
Run OkHttp tests on the desktop with Maven. Running SPDY tests on the desktop uses [Jetty-NPN](http://wiki.eclipse.org/Jetty/Feature/NPN) which requires OpenJDK 7+.
```
mvn clean test
```

### On a Device
Test on a USB-attached Android using [Vogar](https://code.google.com/p/vogar/). Unfortunately `dx` requires that you build with Java 6, otherwise the test class will be silently omitted from the `.dex` file.
```
mvn clean
mvn package -DskipTests
vogar \
    --classpath ~/.m2/repository/org/bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on/1.47/bcprov-jdk15on-1.47.jar \
    --classpath ~/.m2/repository/com/google/mockwebserver/mockwebserver/20130122/mockwebserver-20130122.jar \
    --classpath target/okhttp-0.9-SNAPSHOT.jar \
    ./src/test/java
```


License
-------

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.



 [1]: http://github.com/square/okhttp/downloads
 [2]: http://developer.android.com/reference/java/net/ProxySelector.html

Commit message:

Update OkHttp to commit cc4633943800572673c03b32d0b2bc9a08ae184d
Change-Id: Iae4b2c5a102cc5341f73593e003af3ee28400cbe

README.md, after:

OkHttp
======

An HTTP & SPDY client for Android and Java applications.

For more information please see [the website][1].



Download
--------

Download [the latest JAR][2] or grab via Maven:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.squareup.okhttp</groupId>
    <artifactId>okhttp</artifactId>
    <version>(insert latest version)</version>
</dependency>
```


Building
--------

### On the Desktop

Run OkHttp tests on the desktop with Maven. Running SPDY tests on the desktop uses
[Jetty-NPN][3] which requires OpenJDK 7+.

```
mvn clean test
```

### On a Device

OkHttp's test suite creates an in-process HTTPS server. Prior to Android 2.3, SSL server sockets
were broken, and so HTTPS tests will time out when run on such devices.

Test on a USB-attached Android using [Vogar][4]. Unfortunately `dx` requires that you build with
Java 6, otherwise the test class will be silently omitted from the `.dex` file.

```
mvn clean
mvn package -DskipTests
vogar \
    --classpath ~/.m2/repository/org/bouncycastle/bcprov-jdk15on/1.47/bcprov-jdk15on-1.47.jar \
    --classpath ~/.m2/repository/com/google/mockwebserver/mockwebserver/20130122/mockwebserver-20130122.jar \
    --classpath target/okhttp-0.9-SNAPSHOT.jar \
    ./src/test/java
```


License
-------

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.




 [1]: http://square.github.io/okhttp
 [2]: http://repository.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=central-proxy&g=com.squareup.okhttp&a=okhttp&v=LATEST
 [3]: http://wiki.eclipse.org/Jetty/Feature/NPN
 [4]: https://code.google.com/p/vogar/
